I know you're trapped there's a way out
[Music]
what if you could go somewhere so far
from all this you barely remember your
part of it
thia is the only planet we've discovered
thus far that can sustain human life
it's not just another world it's a blank
slate
we at Saren are currently in the process
of its colonization I can't go to
another planet who don't have a choice
when you depart earth Athiya will erase
your past completely don't worry
everyone a secret this is a new world a
world without judgment a world where
your history no longer has any relevance
they said we'd open our eyes there
improve the other passengers and left
without us what could scare these so
much they labeled aspired something came
onboard
it started killing the passengers the
ship and the fare makes it impossible to
trust anyone
it's every man for himself now
[Music]
get down
you